Okay,
guys.
And welcome back there just to catch you up.
I've just added a couple of shapes on here,
so I've come to insert shapes of literally just picked this one.
I think I have dragged two shapes on,
have called them single and multiple.
I have assigned the macro which macro I signed.
I signed the macro create single folder structure to this button on.
I have assigned the macro create multiple folder structure to this shape just here.
So now you're fully caught up.
So what this is going to do is it is gonna have a look at this column here,
and it is going to create a It creates a folder in a specified path.
One called Emma one called,
Actually,
one called Joe one called Bernie one called Danny and create a high pulling to that very
same folder here in column B.
So let's have a look at that code.
Now.
Fold the structure.
This tab here has a visual basic name of S H index.
So our first action is to call this sheet to make sure we're on the right sheet.
So shit index dot select range before select selects this cell.
And this is where we're gonna be writing our hyperlink and it is going to be looking to the
left to column A to retrieve the full domain that we want to create.
Okay,
so here we have a while.
When loop on it says while the active cell offset zero no rose minus 11 column to the left
column,
a dot value doesn't equal blank continue.
So it's gonna while and when.
Until it gets to hear that it's gonna look here,
say it's blank on the code is going to stop executing.
Okay,
inside a whirlwind loop.
We have this instruction here on ERA resume next,
and what doctors is if the code errors is going to force it to continue anyway,
only for this line of code,
because here we're going to disable that era trapped.
Now,
the reason we don't want the code to stop here is if it turns out we hope already have a
folder called Emma.
We don't want it to stop and not complete actually job.
Ernie and Danny wanted to carry on,
even though Emma may already exist.
So here is that line of code the magic line of code that actually does the job.
M k make directory.
You can see here,
in my instance,
I have see uses Alan desktop my folders backslash.
And then I'm concoct innate in that with the end and saying whatever the active cell offset
.
Zero rose minus one columns column A dot value equals.
So my path back slash on whatever word is in here.
So it could be it could be names of people.
It could be names of corporations,
names of products,
names of projects,
whatever you want to create a folder structure full So on.
Then we're going to get down to this where we're gonna turn disable the error trapped that
we've just put there that is gonna build our folder.
So it's just step through the code up until this point,
just here.
So I'm just gonna hit debug on relative cursor.
Andi,
over here.
You can see that Emma has just being added.
I'm struggling to get all three things into view here,
so bottom into Czar will go through the loop once on.
Then I'll just run the code and have this window visible so you can actually see happening
in real time.
Okay,
so active sheet dot Hyperlinks stop ad anchor.
Equal selection address Exactly the same path.
Can Katyn ated with exactly the same name,
which is active?
Cell offset minus one.
So essentially,
it's just the same path Exactly that we specified above here.
But we're adding a hyperlink to the cell that we are in on the text to display is go there
now.
So notes what happens over here when I hit F eight Boom,
we have the hyperlink.
And if I were to click that hyperlink ago,
this folder opens up this PC,
which is C uses Alan desktop.
My folders,
Emma.
Okay,
I'm just gonna close that and here,
or we're gonna say,
active cell offset here.
Access selloffs that moved down one on repeat.
So I'm just gonna hit Stop that is assigned to this This shape just here.
So I'm just gonna drag this in.
And then when I hit,
play or hit the button there they are on you'll notice that we have Emma.
Actually,
we already and Emma,
So images continue.
So all of the names here now have a folder in my folders.
And if I click on the hyperlink for Emma i m a folder opens up.
And if I click on the hyperlink for Ashley whips,
Weather gun,
let's say,
Who is that?
Jo Jo opens up and it's a simple Is that so?
From that one base line of code and skin,
delete those now from that one base line of code remains to build a routine that can
automatically create an entire directory structure of folders.
Okay,
I'm going to see you in the next lecture.
We're gonna look and handsome that so we can have folders within folders.
And it's a lot simpler than you may think.
OK,
I'll see you in the next lecture.